add forbidden regex (#377)
inaka/elvis_core: doc_rules/elvis_style/atom_naming_convention.md

(since [1.0.0](https://github.com/inaka/elvis_core/releases/tag/1.0.0))

> All atoms should be named according to the regular expression provided.
> Except if it matches with a defined `forbidden_regex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All atoms should be named according to the provided regular expression,
except if they match with a defined `forbidden_regex`.
```

(since [1.0.0](https://github.com/inaka/elvis_core/releases/tag/1.0.0))

All atoms should be named according to the regular expression provided.
Except if it matches with a defined `forbidden_regex`.
Atoms enclosed in apostrophes have special meaning and are thus handled

> by a different configuration option (use `same` if you want the same value as `regex`).

Author: I don't really understand this, what do you mean?

> by a different configuration option (use `same` if you want the same value as `regex`).

Reviewer 2: we have a regex for accepted atom names (i.e., `regex`), but we also have a regex for enclosed atoms (i.e., `enclosed_atoms`). Now we added `forbidden_regex` that limits what's accepted by `regex`. Should it also limit what's accepted by `enclosed_atoms` or not?
I would say "no" and I would add another property, called `forbidden_enclosed_atoms` to deal with what's forbidden in enclosed atoms.

Except if it matches with a defined `forbidden_regex`.
Atoms enclosed in apostrophes have special meaning and are thus handled
by a different configuration option (use `same` if you want the same value as `regex`).

> For enclosed atoms we defined a different forbidden regex, called `forbidden_enclosed_regex`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To define forbidden enclosed atoms (like the ones in `forbidden_regex` apply for `regex`), use `forbidden_enclosed_regex`.
```

  - default: `".*"`.
- `forbidden_regex :: string() | undefined`.
  - default: `undefined`.

> - `forbidden_enclosed_regex :: string() | undefined`.

Reviewer 2: According to the description above this field **and also `enclosed_atoms`** should also support the atom `same` and then use the same value as the corresponding parameter for non-enclosed atoms.
If that works, we should have tests for it.

Author: yes, I fix it.

Reviewer 2: I mean… it should say `string() | undefined | same` here and there.
